Add natively instrumented to glossary (#4186)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/glossary.md

  * [In-band and Out-of-band Data](#in-band-and-out-of-band-data)
  * [Manual Instrumentation](#manual-instrumentation)
  * [Automatic Instrumentation](#automatic-instrumentation)

>   * [Natively instrumented](#natively-instrumented)

Author: I am fine with both, but would prefer "Natively Instrumented" then

>   * [Natively instrumented](#natively-instrumented)

Author: ```suggestion
  * [Natively Instrumented](#natively-instrumented)
```

Synonym: *Auto-instrumentation*.

> ### Natively instrumented

Author: ```suggestion
### Natively Instrumented
```

> Denotes a library or application that has built-in instrumentation by using the OpenTelemetry API directly, thus

Reviewer: One thing that would be good to clarify: 
If a library is instrumented natively using OTel API, but does not follow otel semantic conventions, is that still considered natively instrumented?

(In .NET world, many libraries part of ecosystem like HTTPClient, Asp.NET core uses Otel API and produce spans. But it does not populate attributes. So we currently have instrumentation libraries that act as a enricher, by populating attributes using otel sem. convention. Within .NET world,  the term "natively" instrumented is used to refer to those .NET libraries, even though they don't follow otel sem. convention.)

Author: I would say yes, the moment an application makes use of the API, it's "natively instrumented", we can still take about "levels of instrumentation", i.e. do they use semantic conventions? do they use all signals? do they provide exemplars?, etc., but the purpose of this label is to establish what is the goal ("native instrumentation") and what is a gap solution ("instrumentation libraries")

> Denotes a library or application that has built-in instrumentation by using the OpenTelemetry API directly, thus

Reviewer 2: "built-in" is an adjective, not a verb.

```suggestion
Denotes a library or application that has used the OpenTelemetry API directly to provide built-in instrumentation, thus
```

> *Instrumented Library* and *Instrumentation Library* are the same library.

Reviewer 2: These are lower case below.

```suggestion
*instrumented library* and *instrumentation library* are the same library.
```

If a separate *instrumentation library* or a plugin is required to instrument a library or application,

> that *instrumented library* or application MUST not be called *natively instrumented*, even if the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
that *instrumented library* or application must not be called *natively instrumented*, even if the
```

We have no means to enforce this and having normative language might not be helpful - we don't use it for other terms in this document.

> that *instrumented library* or application must not be called *natively instrumented*, even if the

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
that *instrumented library* or application MUST NOT be called *natively instrumented*, even if the
```

Reviewer: it was intentionally done this way per feedback earlier: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/4186#discussion_r1717696709

Reviewer 4: I see, thanks!
